Release v0.22.0 (#316)
fluxcd/image-reflector-controller: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.22.0

**Release date:** 2022-09-27

> This prerelease comes with strict validation for the API fields of type time duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This prerelease comes with strict validation rules for API fields which define a
(time) duration. Effectively, this means values without a time unit (e.g. `ms`,
`s`, `m`, `h`) will now be rejected by the API server. In addition, the units `ns`,
`us` and `µs` can no longer be configured, nor can `h` be set for fields
defining a timeout value to stimulate sane configurations.
```

# Changelog

## 0.22.0

**Release date:** 2022-09-27

This prerelease comes with strict validation rules for API fields which define a
(time) duration. Effectively, this means values without a time unit (e.g. `ms`,
`s`, `m`, `h`) will now be rejected by the API server. To stimulate sane
configurations, the units `ns`, `us` and `µs` can no longer be configured, nor
can `h` be set for fields defining a timeout value.

> In addition, the controller dependencies have been updated
> to Kubernetes controller-runtime v0.13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In addition, the controller dependencies have been updated
to Kubernetes controller-runtime v0.13.
```

(same as in other PR).
